# NFL_Big_Data_Bowl_2026-Team-BJS
345 Project Repo

Predictions of incoming plays in American Football games using an RNN
Football has become enrapturing for the American audience. Its high flying action, nail biting tension, and  hilarious commercials have led to a beautifully placating consumer product: the National Football League. In this project we plan on predicting the position of a football after the ball is thrown in a game. We chose this metric in particular because of the on-going Kaggle competition NFL Big Data Bowl 2026. In this competition contestants, Ben, Shalin, & Jeff in this case, are supposed to predict the final X and Y position of a football given ‘pre-snap’ metadata. This competition’s deadline is December 3, 2025 giving us apt time to build, test, and consolidate the best model we can muster. Predictions of incoming plays in American Football games using an RNN
Football has become enrapturing for the American audience. Its high flying action, nail biting tension, and  hilarious commercials have led to a beautifully placating consumer product: the National Football League. In this project we plan on predicting the position of a football after the ball is thrown in a game. We chose this metric in particular because of the on-going Kaggle competition NFL Big Data Bowl 2026. In this competition contestants, Ben, Shalin, & Jeff in this case, are supposed to predict the final X and Y position of a football given ‘pre-snap’ metadata. This competition’s deadline is December 3, 2025 giving us apt time to build, test, and consolidate the best model we can muster. 
